---
title: "A Bumpy Start - Addressing Feedback and Looking Forward"
authors: [alfagun74]
tags:
  [
    gaming,
    Crackpipe,
    app launch,
    controversy,
    official statement,
    feedback,
    app renaming,
    piracy,
    alternative sources,
    source-available,
    development,
    marketing,
    financial support,
    community,
    blog,
    Discord,
    Subreddit,
  ]
---

Hey everyone,

What an eventful day it has been! We recently launched our app and shared it on [this Reddit post](https://www.reddit.com/r/selfhosted/comments/14pdu0m/introducing_crackpipe_your_decentralized), and it has sparked some controversies. We want to take this opportunity to address the feedback and allegations in an official statement.

So let's go through the controversies:

#### Regarding the name Crackpipe

We want to clarify that the name "Crackpipe" was initially meant as an inside joke between me and my friend, intended for a tool used by a limited audience. We just got used to it and went on, when deciding to release it to the public. We understand that some find the name inappropriate or uncomfortable, and we sincerely apologize for any distress caused. We are open to renaming the entire application to ensure it aligns better with our community's values. Your input is essential to us, so please [join our Discord server](https://discord.gg/NEdNen2dSu) and share your creative suggestions for a new name in the #new-name channel. Soon, we'll have a public poll on our blog where you can vote for your favorite name or the existing one.

#### Clarification on the term "liberal"

As non-native English speakers, we made an oversight in using the term "liberal," which we intended to mean "free" or "libre." We have already rectified this mistake.

#### The use of Pepe the Frog as a profile picture

We apologize for not being aware of the misuse of the Pepe the Frog meme as a symbol of Nazis and white supremacism. That misue is not a thing in europe. Originally, we only knew the frog as a twitch emote/meme and used it without any harmful intentions. In response to your feedback, we have changed the profile picture to a cute penguin.

#### Addressing concerns about piracy

We want to clarify that our app is not designed for illegal activities, including piracy. When we mention "alternatively obtained" games, we refer to games acquired from sources other than traditional gaming platforms like Steam. It includes legitimate sources such as archive.org or the Humble Trove. Our aim is to organize your games in one place, provided they are part of the RAWG Database.

#### Regarding the origins of the application

We assure you that this application was entirely developed by us, and any similarity to other projects is purely coincidental. We cleaned up our repositories to remove meaningless commits before going public, which may have caused confusion.

#### On the marketing strategy

We want to clarify that the controversy surrounding the app was not a planned marketing stunt. As programmers that developed this in spare time, we simply did not anticipate such a strong reaction to a free app.

#### Transparancy regarding financial and future plans

Currently, we rely on your [financial support through Kofi](https://ko-fi.com/phalcode). Building an active and engaged user base is our primary focus before considering the addition of any paid features in the future. So for now just enjoy the functionalities.

---

In conclusion, we appreciate all the feedback and kind words we have received. If you believe in the app's concept but are concerned about the current name, please feel free to suggest a new one and participate in the voting process on our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/NEdNen2dSu).

We are determined to improve and grow, and despite the bumpy start, we hope you'll enjoy the app and its functionality. We look forward to fostering a vibrant and supportive community around it.

For further updates, you can follow our blog, and new posts will also be shared on our r/crackpipe subreddit and Discord server.
