---
title: "A New Name"
authors: [alfagun74]
tags:
  [
    poll results,
    renaming app,
    community feedback,
    GameStash,
    GameVault,
    GameShelf,
    Harbor,
    GameHub,
    market analysis,
    new name announcement,
    GameVault domain,
    special thanks,
    Selfhosted Podcast,
    Self-Hosted Newsletter,
    transition process,
  ]
---

Hey everyone,

We are thrilled to announce that the poll for choosing a new name for our app is finally over. The process of transitioning to the new name will commence very soon, and we can't wait to share the exciting updates with you.<!-- truncate -->

But first, let's dive into the poll results and shed some light on the important facts without further delay:

## Summary

In total, 71 people participated in the poll, providing us with valuable data to draw conclusions from. Here's a summary of the key findings:

- 52.1% of the community voted against using any terms related to piracy in the app. We understand and respect this choice because it would harm our business and attract the wrong users, as we have no affiliation with piracy.

- 42.3% of the community voted to recommend the app under a different name but not with its current name. This feedback motivated us to rename the app, confirming that it wasn't just a few critics on Reddit. We want to expand our community to include the families, friends, and colleagues of these people. So please, help us spread the word about the name change!

- 36.6% of you said you wouldn't contribute to our app at all solely because of its name, even if you had the opportunity. We depend on these contributions to grow and improve, so we now encourage you to participate!

Without further ado, here are the top 5 names that emerged as winners in the poll:

1. GameStash (38%)
2. GameVault (35.2%)
3. GameShelf (31%)
4. Harbor (29.6%)
5. GameHub (28.2%)

As mentioned earlier, we conducted the poll without conducting market analysis beforehand. However, we recognized the significance of making an informed decision for the benefit of the community. Consequently, we proceeded to analyze each name after the poll to ensure the chosen name resonates with our vision.

Allow us to share the summarized results of our market analysis:

## Market Analysis

### 1. GameStash

Google Search Results: ~33,600  
Possible Domains: gamestash.de

- There's already an app called [GameStash](https://gamestash.app/) that offers similar features to ours.

### 2. GameVault

Google Search Results: ~800,000  
Possible Domains: gamevau.lt, game-vault.de

- The term "GameVault" is associated with a popular online casino/gambling application called [GameVault999](https://gamevault999.com/).

### 3. GameShelf

Google Search Results: ~560,000  
Possible Domains: gameshelf.de

- The name "Gameshelf" is already used by two existing applications. One is a [Board-Game-Collection Viewer](https://gameshelf.io/), and the other is a [Gaming Backlog](https://gameshelf.dev) app.

### 4. Harbor

Google Search Results: ~393,000,000  
Possible Domains: harborapp.de

- "Harbor" is a very common word, making it challenging to find a suitable domain that aligns with our brand identity.

- Additionally, there's a well-known app called [Harbor on the Market](https://goharbor.io) related to Docker/Kubernetes.

### 5. GameHub

Google Search Results: ~5,690,000
Possible Domains: gamehubapp.de

- [GameHub](https://github.com/tkashkin/GameHub) is a popular game library manager
- it also sounds like a popular adult site 😁

## What's Next?

We understand your eagerness for a new name, and we are equally committed to distancing ourselves from the old one. Taking into account all the suggested names and feedback, we engaged in extensive internal brainstorming, free from outside influences.

We sought a name that is descriptive, intuitive, and effectively conveys the purpose of our app. Additionally, we aimed for a name that is easily memorable and emphasizes the ownership and control of a self-hosted server, security, and exclusivity.

Introducing our new name: **GameVault**  
Available soon under this domain: [gamevau.lt](https://gamevau.lt)

We have already secured the domain and registered the name wherever possible. The transition process will commence shortly. We are eager to hear your thoughts on the new name. Do you like it?

## Special Thanks ❤️

Well, as you all know, this was quite a journey to get here, and we wanted to give our special thanks to:

- Everybody who gave this project's idea a chance, even if the name was kind of weird.

- Everybody who made suggestions on our [Discord](https://discord.gg/NEdNen2dSu) server and participated in the discussions.

- Everybody who voted.

- A special shoutout to @KairuByte on [Discord](https://discord.gg/NEdNen2dSu) for coming up with the name GameVault.

- We would also like to extend our gratitude to [The Selfhosted Podcast](https://selfhosted.show/101?t=2731) for discussing our app. (Brent, we are excited to hear your thoughts on the new name from a marketing standpoint 😜)

- Last but not least, thank you to [The Self-Hosted Newsletter](https://selfh.st/newsletter/2023-07-07/) for mentioning our release.

Thank you all for your continued support!

We will keep you updated as the transition unfolds. In the meantime, head over to our [Discord](https://discord.gg/NEdNen2dSu) channel to celebrate and share your thoughts on the new name.

Stay tuned!
