---
title: "Choosing a New, Family-Friendly Name for this project!"
authors: [alfagun74]
tags:
  [
    source-available,
    gaming platform,
    GameVault,
    new name,
    family-friendly,
    poll,
    AI-generated names,
    feedback,
    inclusivity,
    user participation,
    announcement,
    decision-making,
    community,
    platform values,
    voting,
    future development,
  ]
---

Hello, everyone!

We have an important announcement to share about our [source-available](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Source-available_software) gaming platform, project. We have listened to your feedback <!-- truncate --> and concerns, and now we need your help in choosing a new, family-friendly name that better reflects our platform's values. To make this decision-making process more convenient, we have created a poll with 100 potential names, suggested by you on our [Discord](https://discord.gg/NEdNen2dSu), some of which were generated by AI. Your participation in shaping the future of our platform is greatly appreciated.

We kindly request your support in selecting a new name for our gaming platform. The poll offers a variety of names, and we ask that you choose at least 10 names (10%) that appeal to you. By gathering diverse input and minimizing bias, we aim to create an inclusive and enjoyable experience for all users. We apologize if the current name has caused any discomfort, and we are committed to creating a welcoming environment for gamers.

To cast your votes and contribute to the selection of a new, family-friendly name for our [source-available](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Source-available_software) gaming platform, please click on the link provided at the end of this post. Your voice matters, and together, we can find a name that truly represents our app's essence. The results will be announced on this blog around July 15, 2023.

We sincerely appreciate your support and encourage you to stay tuned for updates as we continue to improve our platform based on your valuable feedback.

Link to the poll: [https://forms.gle/cYsURG6BqMXcxE3B8](https://forms.gle/cYsURG6BqMXcxE3B8)

Happy voting!
