---
title: "Join the GameVault Early-Access Program Now!"
authors: [alfagun74]
tags:
  [
    Gaming,
    GameVault,
    Early Access,
    UI Update,
    Beta Testing,
    Community Feedback,
    Exclusive Preview,
    Microsoft Store,
    Discord,
    Gaming Servers,
  ]
---

Hey, Guys!

For the upcoming large UI update of GameVault, we're launching a brand new GameVault Early-Access Program, and we want **YOU** to be a part of it!<!-- truncate -->

## What's the Early-Access Program?

Early-Access is your golden ticket to test-drive upcoming GameVault updates before anyone else. You'll be part of an exclusive group and get a sneak peek into the latest features, but here's the deal - it might not be as stable as our regular releases and you need to interact with us. Your feedback will help us fine-tune everything before the big release for everyone else.

## How to Join

:clipboard: Complete the [Application Form](https://forms.gle/RQvEGfWeUFPBCUaG6)  
:date: The first early-access phase kicks off on December 17 and lasts for one week.

## Prerequisites

:speech_balloon: Active participation in the designated Discord channel.  
:video_game: GameVault installed from the Microsoft Store with a Microsoft Account logged in. If not, grab it [here](https://www.microsoft.com/store/apps/9PCKDV76GL75).  
:rocket: A GameVault Server running the **phalcode/gamevault-backend:early-access** image. (Only run this if you are accepted as a Tester as it could break things!)

### Important Note

- There are only a limited number of slots in the Early-Access Program. Supporters and Trusted Members are prioritized.
- If you're accepted and later found not meeting the requirements, you might be removed from future testing and the next applicant on our list gets the opportunity.

[Apply here!](https://forms.gle/RQvEGfWeUFPBCUaG6)
