---
title: "Celebrating 600+ Installations and announcing the upcoming big feature"
authors: [alfagun74]
tags:
  [
    GameVault milestone,
    official installations,
    Discord community growth,
    gratitude,
    feedback,
    love for GameVault,
    upcoming update,
    Installation Pipeline,
    simplifying game installation,
    GitHub issue,
    subscription to Updates role,
    Lemmy community launch,
    sharing blog posts,
    spreading the word,
    support request,
    continued support,
    celebration of achievements,
  ]
---

Hey everyone,

We're excited to share some great news with you all! GameVault has reached a small milestone with over 600 official installations of our GameVault Client Application. What's even more amazing is that around 200 dedicated users, a third of these installations, have joined our Discord community to connect, chat, and share their experiences.

We want to express our immense gratitude for your incredible support, feedback, and love for GameVault. Your ongoing encouragement inspires us to push boundaries and enhance your gaming experience. We're thrilled to announce that an awesome update is being worked on right now - the highly anticipated release of GameVault's Installation Pipeline!

#### GameVault's Installation Pipeline

The Installation Pipeline is designed to revolutionize how you install and manage your games. It was suggested by members on our discord server. We understand the challenges of navigating through different installation processes, especially for family members who may not be tech-savvy. With the Installation Pipeline, our goal is to simplify the entire process and make it user-friendly. Whether you're an experienced gamer or not, this update will make installing games easier for you.

You can read the details [here on the GitHub issue](https://github.com/Phalcode/gamevault-app/issues/18).

Stay tuned for its upcoming release, and to be among the first to try out this awesome feature, make sure to subscribe to the `@Updates` Role on our Discord server, if you haven't already. We'll ping you as soon as it's live!

#### Join us on Lemmy

To further connect with our amazing community, we're excited to announce the launch of our [official Lemmy community](https://lemmy.world/c/phalcode). From now on, we'll also regularly share new blog posts there, providing you with more ways to stay informed and engaged. Join the Lemmy forum and become part of the growing GameVault community!

#### Share GameVault with Others

As we celebrate this milestone and eagerly anticipate more exciting updates, we invite you to spread the word about GameVault among your friends, family, and gaming or self-hosting communities. Your personal recommendations and referrals have played a significant role in our journey so far, and we believe they'll continue to do so in the future.

We want to express our heartfelt appreciation for the feature requests, discussions, and invaluable help on our GitHub. Your support and collaborative efforts help a lot.

#### Support Us

As we move forward, we kindly ask for your continued support. GameVault's success is currently solely built upon our incredible community, and your encouragement is what fuels us. If you love our app and believe in our vision, please consider supporting us in any way you can. It could even be something simple like a rating on the Microsoft Store. Your backing empowers us to keep our hard work going.

We're eagerly looking forward to celebrating more achievements with all of you.

Stay tuned, stay connected, and let's continue this journey together!
