---
title: "Stepping up and announcing GameVault+"
authors: [alfagun74]
tags: []
draft: true
---

Hey Everyone!

It feels like it's been ages since we last caught up, but trust me, the silence from our end doesn't mean we've been slacking off here at Phalcode. In fact, quite the opposite has been happening behind the scenes.

When @Yelo420 and I first launched this application, it was born out of a simple desire to share a solution we'd crafted for ourselves. We never imagined it would resonate with others or find its own place in the market. Frankly, we thought it might end up just another forgotten repository on GitHub, gathering virtual dust with no one paying it any mind.

But boy, were we wrong. The response to our app was unexpected and frankly, a little overwhelming. It seemed there's quite a demand out there for the exact product we've been building.

Despite juggling multiple jobs, we've poured our hearts and souls into this project during our spare moments, striving to offer an alternative to the self-hosted gaming platforms out there. And while we've received some generous donations (shoutout to our three loyal monthly donors btw. – you know who you are, and we're endlessly grateful!), it's clear that relying solely on sporadic tips isn't sustainable for the long term.

So, it's time for a change – a big one. We're thrilled to announce the upcoming release of a new version of our app, complete with an optional subscription model we're calling [GameVault+](/gamevault-plus). Think of [GameVault+](/gamevault-plus) as our way of saying "thank you" to our supporters. It's us giving back some exclusive perks to our supporters, while they help us keep the lights on here at Phalcode.

With GameVault+, you'll gain access to premium nice-to-have features designed to enhance your GameVault experience, all for a small monthly fee of €5 per month.

Currently these features include:

- Uploading animated profile pictures
- Custom themes
- Activation of the GameVault Client API (Used for integrations with platforms like Playnite)

We'll be rolling out this new offering to our early access users first, tweaking and refining it based on your feedback before making it available to everyone. It's an exciting new chapter for us, and we can't wait to have you along for the ride.

So here's to the future – to GameVault and our remarkable community of over 3000 users.

The Next Big Feature we'll be focusing on is **now** open for the community to decide in our #polls channel on Discord. You will have 7 days to decide.

See you on the other side!
