---
title: "Introducing the GameVault Web UI"
authors: ["alfagun74"]
tags:
  [
    gamevault,
    webui,
    release,
    announcement,
    cross-platform,
    client,
    update,
    modern-ui,
    software,
    gaming,
  ]
---

We're excited to announce that **GameVault now has its very own Web UI!**

<!-- truncate -->

This is more than just a new interface. It's the **foundation for the next generation of the GameVault client**. With the Web UI in place, we can deliver a more modern, responsive, and accessible experience for everyone.

At the same time, this marks the arrival of what has been the **most long-awaited feature in years**. Many of you know that GameVault was originally built with the tools we were most comfortable with at the time, never intended to grow far beyond something for ourselves. Over the years, we received plenty of criticism for our tech stack and user experience, and we understood why. The Web UI is not only our answer to this feedback, but also a clean new foundation for everything to come.

### Why a Web UI?

- It allows us to use more modern technologies and improve the user experience.
- It serves as a **cross-platform core**, making sure GameVault works seamlessly across different systems.
- It gives us flexibility to roll out **new features faster** and keep the UI evolving alongside the rest of the project.

### The Road Ahead

The Web UI is the first step toward a **new cross-platform client** for GameVault. This upcoming client will be built on top of the same foundations, ensuring a smoother, more unified experience whether you're on Windows, Linux or just checking out your GameVault on your phone.

We will keep **expanding the UI continuously** in the time ahead, ensuring it grows in both features and polish. At the same time, we're still deciding how the legacy **desktop GameVault client** will move forward in terms of new features. For now, our focus is on building on top of the new foundations, while making sure that GameVault feels better, faster, and more accessible than ever before.

We're just getting started, but this release marks a big milestone in the journey of GameVault. The future of GameVault will be cleaner, more powerful, and truly cross-platform, and the Web UI is where it all begins. Stay tuned for updates as we continue working on the modernized client experience.
